Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)Exploratory data analysis (EDA) is a process of analyzing and understanding the data in order to gain insight and generate hypotheses. It is an important step in the data science process, as it helps to identify patterns, trends, and relationships in the data. In the given insurance dataset, i  explored the data to answer questions such as:- What are the various factors that influence the insurance premiums?- Are there any correlations between the independent variables and the dependent variable?, Is there any missing data in the dataset? Are there any outliers in the dataset?.Using Linear Regression to Train Data and Get Evaluation AspectsLinear regression is a machine learning algorithm used to predict the value of a dependent variable(y) based on one or more independent variables (X). In this case,  I used linear regression to predict the insurance premiums based on the independent variables.In order to evaluate the performance of the model, we can use metrics such as mean absolute error (MAE), root mean square error (RMSE), and mean square error (MSE). MAE is the average difference between the observed and predicted values, while RMSE and MSE measure the average difference between the observed and predicted values in terms of the square root and square of the difference, respectively.I used exploratory data analysis (EDA) to explore the data and identify patterns, trends, and relationships. Then used logistic regression to predict whether a customer will churn or not. Logistic regression is a supervised learning technique used to classify data into two categories (yes/no, 0/1, etc.), based on a set of independent variables.
